---
layout: page
title: Visa
menutype: auth
---

# Visa

All non-Indian-citizens are required to have an Indian visa to enter the country. Allow yourself sufficient time (say 2-3 weeks) to procure an appropriate visa from your nearest Indian consulate. There are several Indian consulates worldwide. Indian consulates in the continental US ( http://www.indianembassy.org/) are located in Washington D.C., New York, Chicago, Houston, and San Francisco. Please visit this site for more information including an online copy of the application form for Indian visa.

### Visa Request Process for AIMLSystems

Over the past several years the obtaining of a visa has become more complex requiring more attention, energy and time. Additionally, embassies have different requirements. Some may request:

1. A letter from AIMLSystems verifying intentions of conference participant
1. Confirmation that the paper was accepted
1. A receipt that conference fees have been paid in full
1. Appearance or interview by conference participant

As a result of these requirements by some embassies, AIMLSystems encourages attendees to apply no later than 3 (three) months prior the conference. Letters of "Invitation" will be issued to:

1. Keynote speakers, presenters, panelists
1. Any organizing committee member
1. People professionally or personally known by a committee member
1. Conference participant who has paid their registration fee

To request a visa letter please provide the following information:

1. Conference/workshop title, date and location
1. The amount of fees paid by the requestor
1. Your intention as either a participant, presenter, committee member, speaker, panelist, etc.

**Forward your requests to Mrs. Chandrika Sridhar, Registration Chair, {{ site.shortname }} at chandrika.sridhar@gmail.com**

Please provide following information while contacting Mrs. Chandrika:

1. Full name, as in your passport
1. Father/spouse's name
1. Date of birth in YYYY-MM-DD format
1. Place of birth
1. Nationality
1. Passport number
1. Date of issue of passport, in YYYY-MM-DD format
1. Place of issue of passport
1. Date of expiry of passport, in YYYY-MM-DD format
1. Full address, as in passport
1. Phone number, including country code
